Socket created
localhost resolved to 127.0.0.1
Connected
Strategie: 2 Runden: 10
Fehler zu viele durchläufe
strategie 2 durchlauefe: 100
Fehler zu viele durchläufe
strategie 2 durchlauefe: 100
Fehler zu viele durchläufe
strategie 2 durchlauefe: 100
Fehler zu viele durchläufe
strategie 2 durchlauefe: 100
Fehler zu viele durchläufe
strategie 2 durchlauefe: 100
Fehler zu viele durchläufe
strategie 2 durchlauefe: 100
Fehler zu viele durchläufe
strategie 2 durchlauefe: 100
Fehler zu viele durchläufe
strategie 2 durchlauefe: 100
strategie 2 durchlauefe: 99
Fehler zu viele durchläufe
strategie 2 durchlauefe: 100
